Updated Experiment JVM doc (#266)
amplitude/amplitude-docs: content/collections/experiment-sdks/en/experiment-jvm.md

| `apiKey` | required | The server [deployment key](/docs/experiment/data-model#deployments) which authorizes fetch requests and determines which flags should be evaluated for the user. |
| `config` | optional | The client [configuration](#configuration) used to customize SDK client behavior. |

{{partial:admonition type="tip" heading="Flag streaming"}}

> Use the `streamUpdates` [configuration](#configuration-1) to push flag config updates to the SDK (default `false`), instead of polling every `flagConfigPollingIntervalMillis` milliseconds. The time for SDK to receive the update after saving is generally under one second. It will revert to polling if streaming fails. Configure `flagConfigPollingIntervalMillis` [configuration](#configuration-1) to set the time flag configs take to update once modified (default 30s), as well for fallback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `streamUpdates` [configuration](#configuration-1) to push flag config updates to the SDK (default `false`), instead of polling every `flagConfigPollingIntervalMillis` milliseconds. The time for SDK to receive the update after saving is generally under one second. It reverts to polling if streaming fails. Configure `flagConfigPollingIntervalMillis` [configuration](#configuration-1) to set the time flag configs take to update once modified (default 30s), as well for fallback.
```

| `flagConfigPollingIntervalMillis` | The interval to poll for updated flag configs after calling [`Start()`](#start) | `30000` |
| `flagConfigPollerRequestTimeoutMillis` | The timeout for the request made by the flag config poller | `10000` |
| `assignmentConfiguration` | Enable automatic assignment tracking for local evaluations. | `null` |

> | `streamUpdates` | Enable streaming to replace polling for receiving flag config updates. Instead of polling every second, Amplitude servers push updates to SDK generally within one second. If the stream fails for any reason, it will revert to polling automatically and retry streaming after some interval. | `false` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `streamUpdates` | Enable streaming to replace polling for receiving flag config updates. Instead of polling every second, Amplitude servers push updates to SDK generally within one second. If the stream fails for any reason, it reverts to polling automatically and retry streaming after some interval. | `false` |
```

> | `streamServerUrl` | The stream server url to stream from. | `https://stream.lab.amplitude.com` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `streamServerUrl` | The URL of the stream server. | `https://stream.lab.amplitude.com` |
```
